I call this paradise so you've done well
for yourself what what are you doing
here is that how you greet your mother
Trevor I didn't know they let you how so
you never wrote to me you never visited
I bet you never found a girl tell me
Trevor are you gay oh is that what this
is all about oh I wouldn't care in fact
I've always wanted a gays a son who
wouldn't forget about his mother but nah
nah but no buts nah nothing not a peep
I carried you in here I fed you i weaned
you now look at you you always were an
ungrateful wretched sniveling sack of
shit of a boy you know it and I know it
there was always something wrong with
you ashamed of yourself
ashamed of me of your own mother I've
been here for hours
and have you gotten me a drink or a
cigarette or massage my feet I'm an old
woman and you in the prime of life have
you nothing inside
it's okay and tired and alone forever
exactly for everything
I'm an old woman Trevor I don't got no
insurance but I got money I don't want
your goddamn money is that what you
think I am a prostitute still you're
sick
I'm in a lot of I need you to get me
some more to lose them all
I can do that a lot of them a truckload
literally and not those weedy little
ones the thousand milligram ones and if
you find me a gentleman well we both
know you need a father figure